Let's go out and get our registry set up and ready to accept published packages.
In this clip we'll get it set up and start publishing packages to it.
As we discussed, we're going to be using npmjs.
Let's go get it ready to receive packages and then see what it
takes to get a simple package built and published.
So you'll want to head over to npmjs.com,
and you'll want to click the Sign Up link if you don't have an account.
Since I already have an account I'm just going to go ahead and hit Login.
You can see that I don't have any packages published
right at the moment to this registry.
That's what we're going to do in just a second.
When you create a username, by default that becomes your scope.
So, for example, my username is blndspt,
and you'll see my packages are scoped with @blndspt.
Let's head back to VS Code and start setting up our construct.
Now at this point you may be tempted to just run a cdk init and get going.
Well you can certainly do that.
However,
a standard cdk init creates a lot of objects that
you don't need for a construct.
Instead, if you run a cdk init with the lib option you get a paired‑down,
simpler version of a project with everything you need
to set up and build a construct.
In my example,
I went ahead and created an empty project and set everything up from scratch.
And you'd be amazed at how simple this is to actually get set up.
So if I go look at that construct file,
you can see it's just a completely empty class.
We're no longer extending a stack in this case,
now we're extending a construct as part of our class.
All we need in our index file is a simple import/export of the class itself.
So if I simply run an npm install at this point we can see that it's
not complaining anymore about that core library.
And there's one more thing that we need to do in our package.json
before we actually try to start publishing this,
and that's these two lines right here, the main object and the types object.
The main object is our entry point into the program and the types
object defines our physical TypeScript types.
So before I can actually publish I do need to compile the
application so that the index.d.ts exists.
And at this point, even though the construct doesn't actually do anything,
I can go ahead and publish it to our construct library.
So what do we need to do first to get started?
Well, before we do anything else we want to scope this project.
So let me go ahead and clear the screen.
And I flip back over to the documentation for just a second and go to
Packages and modules and come down to this section that says Creating
and publishing scoped public packages.
You can see down here closer to the bottom that what we're
going to want to do is an npm init with a ‑scope option for
either our organization or our username.
And now you can see what it's going to do is change the
package name to @blndspt with same name,
cdk‑s3‑static‑website, which is exactly what I want,
a scoped package.
Now I'm going to go ahead and set this to 0.1.0.
And if you are connected to a remote origin you can
actually specify the Git repository.
And this will show up on npmjs with your package when you publish it.
Then I'm going to go ahead and accept the defaults.
And you can see obviously what it did is it made a few
minor changes to my package.json file.
But now this is scoped and ready to be published.
So what do we do from here?
If you simply run an npm publish at this point it's going to fail because we
haven't logged in yet. So I'm going to run an npm login.
And once I get logged in now I can actually publish this package.
So let's go ahead and publish this package at this
point with a simple npm publish.
And you'll see that the first thing that's going to happen is it's
going to fail without the public flag on it.
So let's go ahead and let it fail the first time.
And you can see this is exactly what it did.
It said you must sign up for private packages.
So if I run an npm publish with a help option you can see in
the list that there's a ‑‑access public.
So let's go ahead and use that and publish the package.
And after all that I ended up actually having to change my version back
to 0.3.0 because I already had a 0.2.0 published.
So if I go back to npmjs and log back in and refresh the page,
what you're going to see is that generally it takes a few minutes to show up.
Now you can see it's already showing for me at this point,
but just keep in mind that sometimes it takes 2‑3 minutes to display here.
So I can go ahead and click on it and see that is my wonderful package.
So that's actually all there is to it to getting a package published.
And again, this one doesn't actually do anything at this point.
So let's jump forward and build out our package so that it's a little more useful to us.